# Hi! 
I'm Ayush (hAPi02). I'm currently a master's student at the Indian Institute of Science Education and Research Mohali majoring in physics. I'm not sure if it's weird to say or not but a rather short description of my interests is that I can get interested in anything, somewhat of a 'Love what you do' kind of guy rather than 'Do what you love'. Presently I am a master's thesis student at the Institute of Plasma Research Gandhinagar India working with optical emission spectroscopy (OES) to characterise the plasma parameters. 
It is a fun and insightful project that has helped me learn a lot about various fields such as plasma physics (obviously), spectroscopy, application of vacuum and scientific computation and of course research as a whole. I'm looking to start a website for myself which would include abstracts from my work and my previous projects along with a little bit of my own jibber-jabber about topics I find interesting, so if by a magical stroke of luck you are reading this I would love to recieve some ideas (many thanks in advance). You can contact me at ka.kumarayush0211@gmail.com or text me on Instagram at \_.ayushk.\_ (sorry, don't have an urge to use twitter, I'm happy under my rock).
It seems that Github believes it is a good idea to include a fun fact in one's read me file so here is a fun fact for you, you might or might not know plasma as the fourth state of matter of which most stars are made up of (or through the plasma canons from HALO: Combat Evolved) but did you know that plasma isn't always as hot as the sun or a bolt of lightning. Look around, see if you can find a fluoroscent tubelight (food for thought).
